hi everyone okay final review for today
I guess I'm going to be doing a review
on this lipstick that I got quite
recently this is the color precise
lipstick and something that you will
notice right away it's in the shape of a
diamond
oh so special so you open it up this is
Avon on the side there you go and this
one I have in the color exactly Brown
here's your color here's your swatch
obviously not exactly brown but that
doesn't bother me too much so again
buyer beware the swatches of Avon it's
an ongoing theme with me the claims for
this product are as follows the diamond
shape tip keeps feather proof color in
line Phil's lips with moisturizing stay
put shades just in case you doubted my
grammar there if that statement makes
sense to you explain it to me in the
comments section down below let's go to
the finer print down here it says it's
formulated with vitamin E honey and aloe
extracts instant lip moisturization
feather proof formula again I don't know
what that phrase means please educate me
down below all right first up I'm going
to address the shape and its claim to
help you be more precise maybe once you
get used to it that might be the case
but I prefer if it's between this and
the traditional round shaped or the
little I guess you could call it
teardrop shaped tip and it's good way to
describe it don't you I prefer that over
this most definitely um I've been using
this quite a few times since purchasing
it and I have yet to get the hang of it
of making it perfect on the first try I
always have to dab it off somewhere on
my lips
and um as far as being able to get as
fine a point as they show the models in
these pictures see how fine a point her
cupids bow has I have yet to be able to
do that with this alone I can pull it
off if I have let's say a lip liner
underneath and then i follow this and
then I go back over with a q-tip or some
sort of kleenex to make it really fine
but even then I'm not getting the
results that they have here in these
pictures so maybe it's user error I'm
not really willing to go and say that
it's not not lie that you can't get
exactly these results but um I haven't
mastered it and I've had it for a couple
of weeks so if you expect this to be a
really quick and easy way to get a
really sharp and defined Cupid's bow you
might be out of luck with this it's
going to take some practice just to get
used to using it for a regular
application on the lips and not have it
be strange and just keep it wear
lipstick is supposed to go on your mouth
as far as it giving your lips instant
lip moisturization it is very
moisturizing it is very nice and it
stays on very well for lipstick and I
like the color that I picked although it
is not exactly like the swatch that's it
right there here it is on my hand again
it's not exact it's pretty close for an
Avon swatch and right now it is 499 but
will be eight dollars for full price do
I think this product is worth eight
dollars no but then again i am a
cheapskate so be aware when i say if
something is or isn't worth the money um
via where I'm very cheap when it comes
to makeup this is how much roughly
roughly I have used this a fair amount
of times so this is roughly the amount
you get in the tube I'm sure there's
more inside of the tube
that you can scoop out later if you're
into a saving your lipstick like that my
personal feelings for this product I
like it and if they come up with more
colors in this line that I like I
wouldn't hesitate to get it this
particular color just to let you know
obviously it's not exactly brown but it
does have a whole lot of shimmer in it
so be aware of that I don't know if all
of them have shimmer I've only had the
one and in the swatches you don't see
any shimmer in the exactly brown none of
the other swatches as far as i can tell
show any summer so I really can't tell
you whether or not those have shimmer or
not so this concludes my review of
comments or questions down below please
subscribe and thumbs up the video and
share it on Facebook or any other those
wonderful places of social media online
now i will talk to you guys later bye